1. Describe an experience you had this semester where you saw the power of functions.

Once I understood how to make a function I saw how excellent they are since it happened to me many times in CSE 110
that sometimes when writing code I had to write the same thing twice to get the same result. Today I see its power
by understanding that I can create a function and call it as many times as I need without repeating code.

2. In your judgment, what is the value of test functions?

The value of testing features lies in their ability to help ensure that software behaves as intended and meets
specified requirements, as they can detect bugs and issues before the software is deployed to production,
reducing the probability of failure, also when making changes to the code base, re-running the test functions
helps to detect any regressions (bugs or newly introduced problems that were not present before the changes).
Ultimately they contribute to the reliability, maintainability and quality of the software, ensuring that it
behaves as expected under various conditions and use cases.

3. Describe your process for troubleshooting and fixing a program that
has a problem. What is one thing you can do to improve your process?

Understand and clearly define what the problem is (identify the problem) or the unexpected behavior of the program.
I do this by reviewing error messages, incorrect behavior, and any other clues that might provide insight into
the problem.
Reproducing the problem to make sure I understand its occurrence conditions (determining which actions or inputs
are causing the problem and under what circumstances).
You would analyze the code related to the problem to look for obvious errors, such as syntax or logic errors.
If the code is large, you could break it into smaller parts and test them individually to identify the specific
section of the code where the problem is.
Find documentation and resources
Once I identify the problem and understand the root cause, I would make the necessary modifications to the code
to fix it. I would then run tests to make sure that the solution is effective and that there are no unwanted side
effects in other parts of the program.